Exchange listing changes (#1345)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/contributing/adding-exchanges/index.md

---
title: Adding exchanges
description: The policy we use when adding exchanges to ethereum.org
lang: en
sidebar: true
---

# Adding Ethereum exchanges {#adding-ethereum-exchanges}

Anyone is free to suggest new exchanges on ethereum.org.

We currently list them on:

> - ethereum.org/get-eth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ethereum.org/get-eth](/en/get-eth/)
```

> They are part of a feature that allows a user to type in where they live and see what exchanges they can use. This helps surface any geographical restrictions early. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page allows a user to input where they live and see what exchanges they can use. This helps surface any geographical restrictions early. 
```

Because of this context, we need some specific information when you suggest an exchange. 

**NOTE:** If you want to list a decentralized exchange, take a look at our [policy for listing wallets and dapps](/en/contributing/adding-products/).

## What we need {#what-we-need}

- The geographical restrictions that apply to the exchange

> - The currencies I can use to buy ETH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The currencies users can use to buy ETH
```
